extend glossary (#10)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: glossary.md

protocol. A lower BCV means a higher discount for bonders and lower inflation by
the protocol.

### DAO

Decentralized Autonomous Organization, is a governance mechanism for making
decisions in a more trustless and collaborative way. Voting rights are often

> bound to a governance token. In OlympusDAO the governance token is OHM.

Reviewer: I suppose the governance token is sOHM since we vote using sOHM right?

Author: For simplicity I would argue it is OHM since sOHM is just an implementation detail and we allow stakers to vote as well. I asked in Discord though. Let's see what other people think.

Author: Sh4dow said it is sOHM.

### DCV

> Deflation Control Variable, is the scaling factor at which protocol defined buy
> pressure changes. A higher DCV means more buy pressure and higher deflation. A
> lower DCV means less buy pressure and lower deflation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deflation Control Variable, is the scaling factor at which protocol defines buy
pressure changes. A higher DCV means more buy pressure from the protocol, resulting in a higher deflation. A
lower DCV means less buy pressure from the protocol, resulting in a lower deflation.
```

### EVM

Ethereum Virtual Machine, is a state machine in which all Ethereum accounts and
smart contracts live. At any given block in the chain, Ethereum has one and only
one canonical state, and the EVM is what defines the rules for computing a new
valid state from block to block.

### ICV

> Inflation Control Variable, is the scaling factor at which protocol defined sell
> pressure changes. A higher ICV means more sell pressure and higher inflation. A
> lower ICV means less sell pressure and lower inflation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inflation Control Variable, is the scaling factor at which protocol defines sell
pressure changes. A higher ICV means more sell pressure from the protocol, resulting in a higher inflation. A
lower ICV means less sell pressure from the protocol, resulting in a lower inflation.
```

Sushiswap Liquidity Provider, is the token received when providing liquidity on
Sushiswap. For instance LP bonds require SLP tokens of the OHM / DAI pair.

### TVL

> Total Value Locked, is the amount of OHM staked. This metric is often used as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Total Value Locked, is the dollar amount of all OHM staked in the protocol. This metric is often used as
```
